welcome to the sentencing in this
session we're going to flip off that
we're going to becoming the general
topic of what is the audio unit Alyce
Caron is posted and then at the end of
the session audio breaking API to the
traction or do as contract come on using
your age like what our units can perform
another function hugs applications with
digital audio workstation Apple should
abandon
as you can see these applications have a
fairly broad range is also you know any
number of you have patience I can come
over to the video a few carriage ban
which is pretty broad range for the
audio unit that is typically used in
generate audio a typical example be a
sample to get some kind of Midian
you want to
an additional to allow applications to
do with a bunch of configuration and
then turn the audio okay now you can do
allocation and then in the hope of the
elevation
and the mind works for surrendering and
so there's an OPR cause that's where you
ask the audience to reduce commands or
the other in the process of rendering
their happens parameters or things about
the vendor exposures that you wanted to
tell you want to change their values so
you look at parameters parameters take
33 pages and brandon's be coming to five
parameters where you can just set it the
streets or there's a strapless much pain
laminate that you basically and then
reset also has a relationship you know
declares state has changed to basically
called a unit he saved audio data that
has this time go back
we have some extensions these are
typically implemented specials or the
specialization
so in order to facilitate the
development we obviously spent a lot of
Ali
understand it's all is really just
Testament guys try to break right go to
make sure and it's the foundation for
this
new thing that we're doing and that's
the validation it really can't and this
provides a fairly take will be looking
at this just to give you some background
that means has loaded us to do how are
you TWiki what I want to do now is to
love through the validations just take a
look through the validations and look
through the different page then as we go
through
the first test validation is it just
feeds if it can find your audio unit
what we're doing is we're just trying to
find we can actually open it we're
expecting some information from the
component manufacturers
and then we run the clothes all the time
and this is the promise
we might help to concentrate you have
200 each other
Oh
two ish
and once the rope in your day we have a
look at figuration
you
can we look through the round how much
is
then the validation to look at some
recommended properties recommended
so this is actually life asleep and the
first property was looking at it company
that sells the most common types for
giving samples to a few
and might they should be involved in
several different it could be the input
parameter
I come about
my old card that actually execute
they have
is similar property but this time was
looking at how long does it take for
example to disappear
my line c mccullum
you can take a pile of
filters have ramping
Carol crime is really used by
application dealing with applications in
conjunction NB you say okay if i play a
song from start to finish and / listen
to the audio that comes out of and it
will sound like this now the audio that
comes out of my body oh it's still going
to be trailing application like doing
the dish yer Frank
company
there's a couple of companies and we
just really verify get information
number Channel
if the
if any other time
you have
what I have here is that I don't you
remember to start we have with
validation so we booked pad lock the
audio units time and in this case here
I've got a stereo track coach Gary are
able to create sub menus and because i'm
doing stereo to stereo its track over
here see now
area
what a hopeful often do is the new
people run run information information
patients can see what the boost
okay so getting this more than special
properties
a special properties
the property
by the carbon
garage you publicly
Oh
you
effective rate that is the whole units
America's really cool
we also have user presses this is with
the property called pass control but he
is the wants to go in and now we've
described we'd like to see the hostess
supporting the location for couples
locations and by doing this it means
that when i'm using one application
all right here's the multiband that we
looked at before actually I'm going to
before we look at this run more but we
talked about parameters before we talked
about how or a unit
treatment is really timing parameters
state but it may be a contentious but
then there is it a useful information we
provide a belly which if you doing
sure
so we've been looking at the multiband
and one of the uses of people make out
of
before I can of generic you hi have you
had your thing here
there's a couple of things we talked
about the pregame parameter here the
generic you getting information
right
you'll also notice that there's a kind
of visual
pensioner man is it parameters wow it's
the radar
[Music]
see that up pramit is there that's just
still a parameter to read our me and
showing me how much each of the bands
I'm excellent reading that it's fun and
I've got the different factory presets
over here the different types of fitting
the h extremo physically could you leave
us to be very happy having a good
collection agency I can also
I'm hearing here
for the hearing the neighbor
favorite well actually and then I can do
it favors preset here what we're doing
in the dialogue views showing halt we've
got a user's location so amusing me
sweet that's only going to be visible
for one user local means anyone on the
machine basically said and then it's
going to create a directory I can show
this find the gear okay who my feet
that's to make sure I've got an apple
paymatrix reverb do now then any
application
we had a look
it's far from cloud is promoting I can
have a look at this and immersed in our
parameters for the proficient types of
things about menus of the check boxes
all of the menu items name credit nice
presentation to generated from the
generic parameter information as I say
see like that he's actually riding up
the parameters as a hickey from google
and he's able to do this for he can just
send a notification to me he's not doing
it from industry to thank its parameters
change the notification system to the
tram the host you will hear the
parameter change come in and then
they'll set the value and then when it
goes off
that's beginning to really serious
so here's a custom how did you going to
show you this I can whip up the keyboard
navigation going these are just out for
us going through the factory reset its
mind you can present this to know you
can prevent this in a menu and that will
be fun the top with the menu is that
earthships a couple of hundred years of
pieces incredibly he thinks immune to
our different categories so we've
keyboard navigation
you
so by doing usually it then it really
becomes brighter useful features that
gets exposed to the user to you taste
goes you can see all of the difference
here Oliver doing in how you have is we
just going through the orig rectory and
every direction of mistake
let's tie on
one of the things i wanted to show you
so I've actually got a drunk man coming
from the prior things that we're doing
is you can give is ever found expanding
the cow know is we're using the ability
from doing what we're doing here is just
a few and it's just controlling how the
application of probability here to say
what channels i want to get from the
device with the key ranges as you can
see I've turned the pitch up
the mini
oh then the next thing that's going into
does it look at all information you
don't do any validation
and it does a collection transitive now
the rendered tested on as different
numbers of crime
okay to the nature those it does set max
crime to that sort of thing
you
just sort of show you in in an
application you may have like over 50
women here will now I'm going to have to
tear down the whole document just to
reconfigure the i/o bus so that's that's
part of this path of the sample rate of
the device
then the part of the rendering also
semantics and connections validates
actual the irony
it's kind of
so the sort of the best practices
embedded into validation for
initializing coats should be telling max
range and we expect them you can explain
it after you haven't made this
I can tell you something
okay the right time we've gotta hope
that and the user has said that they
want to ramp from one tramadol base to
the next row and the hostess has
translated into a ram 128 after audio
unit says it can be back then the whole
agent is being closed contingent spoon
of hampstead started in started duration
and starting value in any place and then
we like to speak to support because we
also think for you know better how to do
ramping
if the parameter is not perhaps a man
can be stimulated by scheduling
parameters
I want the host and others into action
then the idea is to render a fact not
illegal chili powder it'll first it'll
then destroy I'm gonna break this I'm
going to render
I'm gonna do a second render how its
kind of schedule a friend of schedule
schedule
and it sort of practice and it's
published
are we really would like
courage
this isn't something that we do
now if one of the things the value loud
buzz we mentioned previously is that it
really feels in a very sort of hyper
sensitive situation very very actually
for this manifestation of differences
and delivered and what will happen to
them there's a fourth when you take too
long you'll do
the archival of the third
when you save it
this case we have
we like
should assume it developer when you
think after windows not in higher
it changes
audio
ok so there's a couple of advanced big
things that I want to go through and one
of the things that
example
then
think my mechanical cat
it has
Oh
ok
first of all is a collection of tracks
here you see the space hello judgment
come this is the dls music today I've
got did front turned up I'm not actually
having this out going into the mix
coming attractive that's what I'm doing
and so you can see that we've basically
got audio ill
if we have a look at
when you make a new document
when I choose you active what are you
later your eye ok so we have this
ability to punch appropriate and it
doesn't really matter exercise the full
of reaction process extinction oh right
a week because both sides however I want
to use this free now if I bring up the
axes you buy because once you get into
an audio units like this you really
can't think of a good way that a generic
to take care of this and how you really
so you can see the diagram here that I
trust their carbon which is outputting
chance to the left I noticed the
reactant home and funny using so
challenging because when we see it do it
he sits with well actually I run a two
hour to hour to channel each show that
I'm channel I can then i can connect
these up
you actually got a layering out the food
to instance I know things like this guy
over I actually just have this now you
should this should be coming out of a
speaker coming out of it so I learnt let
you kind of mix and match things see I
think this is an important thing that we
forget evaluation of what our units kind
of work with other audio it's nice to
have a post where you can play around to
see how they going to mix with other
what are you maybe there's even patches
happens fever pianos found a couple of
different places
I'm reactor itself internal management
you can say like
bubbly
okay so how your lab is really focused
on your budget and we really funny look
out by real time I ask you since I've
only got off I mean
but we call this
a little big but there was a rival for a
little less powder whenever there are so
you can't use them in
and then there's
and you'll have to think i'm going to
close it 33 million so he chose the bank
example
if you perv efficient car this morning
put a unit generator and what are you
going to generate it can regenerate
audio no time to do if putting in a
generator publishes of you and we're
going to say the time and it's
potentially in auto you did a hosting if
it doesn't publish me like schedule then
it's really nothing
and then if you're on typing generator
one of the things we provide defense
will catalyze they will you probably
told the audience I bring the fun
happens a lot of times will correctly
one record audio else's culture keep
treating control done with the generator
so thankful about that why are you on
accession to go the demo where it's gone
to it this brave man but we look I built
that you are to the partisan come up in
a flat for the favor in and then
clicking with this with this do i define
any arbitrary region that I want trial I
can lose those feet at a region human
it's kind of going to be converted to do
that it's the real-time Spartacus is
coming from the road coming from but
then the front edges can't look at what
its parameter settings and determine
literally start because I photogenerated
there that's just generating videos I'm
assuming that I can ask
private
you
[Music]
it's a frantic chatter with any place
with the quality we getting buzzed by
the still some work place like this to
speed up a little bit as you bareback
ridin i pray i can define a whole bunch
of regions using the North Iowa you hear
from transporting I can go
I can thank you guys flower and I can
pitch
none of the things you will notice you
rollin we have a standard the next code
happy what our unit pramit establish a
friend so that's it saying well you know
we thought of love during the validation
soul we looked at are you laughing
charge you how you I like to thank only
developers to his ex heidi instruments
destroy effects where you see the
application
more information basically if you go to
Japan on apple.com / for the other
things too you're also pretty active
you